Mention of JOO-rights on front-page (#77)
coderefinery/handsonscicomp: source/index.rst

exercise page <https://plus.cs.aalto.fi/CS-E4004/2020/>`__ for
information on credits.

> Attention! If your home university is not Aalto university, you must have flexible study 
> rights to get credits. Contact your home university for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attention! If your home university is not Aalto University, but you are in a university in Finland, you have flexible study 
rights to get credits directly from Aalto. Contact your home university for more information: search "JOO", "joustava opinto-oikeus".
```
What about this clarification?  I don't know how well known this is but if I was new, I wouldn't know about this yet....
